# 2.0.0
> The Update from `1.0.x` to `2.0.0`
## API
- `Mavoric\Main` renamed to `Mavoric\Loader`
- `Mavoric::getCheat()` was removed
- `Mavoric::getIdentity()` was removed
- `Mavoric::getFlag()` was removed
- `Mavoric\Core\Miscellanous\Flag` was removed in favor of `Mavoric\Cheat\Violation\ViolationData` and `Mavoric\Cheat\Violation\ViolationHandler`
- `Mavoric\Core\Utils\CheatIdentifiers` was removed in favor of `Mavoric\Cheat\Cheat` and `Mavoric\Cheat\CheatManager`
- `Mavoric\Core\Utils\LevelUtils` was removed
- `Mavoric\Core\Utils\MathUtils` was renamed to `Mavoric\Utils\Math`
- `Mavoric\Core\Detections\Detection` was removed in favor of `Mavoric\Cheat\Cheat`
- `Mavoric\Core\Handlers\MessageHandler` was removed in favor of the `Mavoric\Utils\Notifier` class.
- All cheats detections must now extend `Mavoric\Cheat\Cheat` instead of `Mavoric\Core\Detections\Detection`
- Most events in `Mavoric\Events` were either changed to extend `pocketmine\event\Event` or removed.
- Events are no longer handled the same way, and will only be called by implementing the `pocketmine\event\Listener`
- All cheats were moved from `Detections\Class` to `Cheat\Module\Class`
- Cheat detections are now properly categorized
## Internal
- Config style replaced in favor of new one.
- Removed a few unused classes.
- New `Mavoric\Utils\LagHandler` to properly handle player lag and prevent furture false positives.
- Mavoric is now designed to be extensible, allowing developers to add modifications to cheat detections.
## Cheats
- Added Flight
- Added Speed
- MultiAura check corrected for accuracy.
- AutoClicker no longer throws false positives during server TPS downtimes.
- NoClip respectively checks bounding boxes now, as well as other miscellanous checks such as ladders and pressure plates.